---
layout: post
date: 2022-01-25
title:  "July update!"
---

# Welcome to my blog

Hi, how are you doing?  
I have some things to talk about today!  
First, I left *PET Computação UFPR* in February. I had a great time there and learned many different things but I felt my time there was done, so I decided to leave.  
In May, I joined a research group, called *Centro de Computação Científica e Software Livre*. It's a really important group inside my university, which develops many government projects.  
I learned about back-end technologies there, specially about GraphQL, which I found really interesting. I've always wanted to work on back-end because I had always worked on the front-end of projects.  
I am also working on a project about AI and data, to build a job recommendation system for *SENAI*, which is a network of secondary level professional schools established and maintained by the Brazilian Confederation of Industry. I learned about ontologies and I also developed an amusing script in Python, which uses Google Translate API calls to translate a spreadsheet. It takes A LOT OF TIME to execute.  
Finally, I would like to talk a little bit about mental health. I've been struggling with anxiety these last few weeks. I feel incredibly alone and I am feeling the urge to talk to people, to the point I get annoying :( and I'm really sorry about it  
I think talking about it a little bit on this platform helps me alleviate it. If you're struggling too, don't be afraid to speak up.  
Thanks for reading my blog and feel free to contact me if you want to!
